c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.exe.config
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.exe
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.pdb
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\TimerForm.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\Login.baml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\TimerForm.baml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.g.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX_TIMER.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.exe
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.pdb
C:\Users\Adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Adrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Adrian\Pictures\REMAXING\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\bin\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.exe.config
C:\Users\Adrian\Pictures\REMAXING\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.exe
C:\Users\Adrian\Pictures\REMAXING\REMAX-TIMER\REMAX-TIMER\obj\Debug\REMAX-TIMER.pdb
